hi bold bakers I'm delighted to have you
guys here today in my garden because we
are going to be barbecuing I've got some
fun and easy recipes that you might even
have known you could make on a BBQ so
let's get started
summer is the perfect time of year to
start eating and cooking outside however
if you do not have a grill don't worry
all of these recipes can be done in an
oven I got a lot of inspiration from
Pinterest so when I stumbled upon this
first recipe I knew it was perfect
because it is definitely big and bold it
is a barbecued fry meat in an orange the
first thing we're going to do is cut off
a little bit of your orange and then
hollow it out use a serrated knife to
take out the middle of your orange take
care when doing this because you don't
want it to slip with the middle of your
orange just place it in a bowl and go
back in with your knife and loosen up
more orange I like to save this orange
nature for smoothies there you go it is
that quick and easy and as you can see
you do not have to take out every bit of
orange the reason I love this recipe
because it's so creative baking a
brownie and the orange means you get all
of the infused flavor from the orange
while it's baking and those two flavors
go so well together
if your orange is a little bit wobbly on
the bottom you can take a knife and cut
a little bit off so it sits nice and
flash on your grill the next very
important part is dessert is a great
brand new recipe I use my best ever
brownie recipe but feel free to use any
recipe that you like however if you've
not tried this recipe yet that I
strongly suggest you do so I love my
brownie recipe because as you can see
it's really fudgy I'm going to fill up
your orange round 3/4 of the way when
your orange is full of brownie we're
going to take a Zil hat put it on and
we're going to wrap it off in tin foil
or the tin foil OOP does is give it a
nice little oven and keeping all that
steam so the brownie can bake you want
to bake this guy off on medium heat so
for your grill and your oven around 350
degrees Fahrenheit at 180 degrees
Celsius as they grill your orange will
get really nice and soft and give a lot
of moisture and flavor to your brownie
so our timers got off just a lovely
chocolatey orange smell in there so I'm
pretty sure they're done
I'm positive these are John's let's
check them out oh wow it's a beautiful
soft orange as you can see our lovely
brownie is flowing out and it's done so
let's have a little look at the brownie
on the inside Wow look at that that's
why you're cooking in an orange because
you get all the lovely moisture like I
was saying and a really soft fudgy
brownie this looks absolutely divine oh
man if you love chocolate orange you are
going to love this brownie is insane but
I cannot fill up on this because we have
to move on to our next dessert this next
dessert is made of really simple
ingredients but once they're grilled
packs a big flavor punch
they are fruit kabobs the first thing I
want to start out with is preparing your
skewers now I'm using wood skewers so if
you're going to use wood make sure that
you soak them for around two hours and
this will stop them burning on the grill
the fruit that I'm using for my kabobs
are strawberries but you can use any
fruit that you want pineapple grill is
really well you can even use bananas
peaches whatever you like prepare your
strawberry just take as a whole with a
little knife and there you go he's ready
for your kabobs this component in our
kabobs is pound cake now I'm using
pancake cuz it's nice and sturdy you can
use angel food cake maybe Victoria
sponge brioche whatever you like
preparing your cake no matter which one
you use you want to slice it nice and
thick so you end up with big chunks for
your kabobs because you want to make
sure they stay on there when you're
filling them I think that pancakes goes
really well with strawberries and even
goes really well just on its own dishes
once you have everything ready if you
want to go on your skewer just start to
pile them on make sure your strawberries
are also similar size because it makes
it much easier to grill if you haven't
had roasted strawberries or grilled
strawberries you're in for a treat with
the arm or just look at that it looks
lovely so feel free to mix up your fruit
do whatever you want then I'm going to
stick to these too once you have your
kabob assembles that's pretty much it
you can put them straight on the
barbecue or if you want to make them
ahead of time keep them like this and
put them in the fridge until you're
ready to eat them
so the beauty of these kabobs is that
they're not only fast to make they're
faster cook and put them on as the
barbecue is cooling down and get some
nice and toasty and they're ready to eat
I've been keeping a close eye on these
fruit kabobs just make sure I don't
overcook them and I think they're done
beautiful look at that I know you guys
can smell this but the strawberries are
lovely and roasted they smell nice and
sweet pound cake is golden brown and
toasty our fruit kabobs are best eaten
straight away while they're warm and
fresh so I'm going to serve mine with a
little bit of whipped cream and orange
zest I'm excited to try these guys these
are really good if you liked my recipes
and would like to see lots more like it
then don't forget to subscribe to my
channel so I believe I saved the best
for last because this is my absolute
favorite thing to make on a BBQ and that
is grilled banana split so for this
recipe all you need to do on the grill
is take your whole banana in all of its
glory and put it straight on the
barbecue okay perfect
so we're going to leave those guys on
there and let them get nice and black
when we were young having barbecues we
would always throw on bananas just at
the barbecue is about to die out and
they will get lovely and sweet and then
we would have them with vanilla ice
cream I just thought it was the best
thing ever I can hear the banana
sizzling so I think they're done these
look perfect and no they're black all
over but that means they're beautiful
roasted and caramelized in the middle
they're going to taste great so now that
our bananas are beautifully grilled all
the way to do to turn this into a banana
split is cut it open down the middle and
serve it with some ice cream my
signature caramel sauce and some toasted
nuts and it will be beautiful hands down
this is my favorite grilled dessert
this gland split could not be easier and
this is the perfect summer treat all of
these recipes take no time to prepare
and are perfect for the summer season I
really hope you enjoyed this episode
being out in my garden thank you so much
for watching and subscribing to my
channel and I'll see you back here every
Thursday for more bigger bolder baking